#MEETING 02
####July 20, 2015 Kenton County Public Library
**ATTENDEES:** Cindy (@ceeblet), Tara (@tzmanics) & Ann (@ann)

###Group Organization
- Meetings will be the second and fourth Thusday of every month.

- What will be covered each meeting seems to be apparent at the end of each
prior meeting, but we can plan accordingly if that changes.

- Where will we have meetings?
    - Modulus has donated the office across from 
Findlay market for meetings as long as there are no other events planned. There
is a parking lot in the back (first hour: free, $.50/hr)
    - There is also an option for smaller gatherings (perhaps only core or
contributing member meetings) to happen at people's houses.
    - We should look into more options.

- Should we use meetup?
    - Can we co-organizer with cincyTech? Ceeb follow up.

###Workshop Thoughts & Ideas
- Remedial Workshops for setting up environments seems like a great idea.
   - intro to language
   -  how it's used
   -  help to get your environment working

- We should add some ideas for the remedial classes in the workshop
spreadsheet.
- The skill column should also include items relating to project management,
marketing and other skills that our members have to share (not only
engineering skill sets).
-  [Protobar in Dayton](http://www.protobuildbar.com/) would be a great
location to hold an electronics workshop (possibly Tessel & Tapas)
   - Tara will look into Tessel board donations

- We discussed how the workshop spreadhsheet could be a place where we place
workshop ideas, notes about the concept, venue or other comments,
    - Tara will begin to restructure it but anyone can make changes.

- We agree that it is important to have all female teachers. It is beneficial
to the community to empower women by having them at the front of the class
sharing their knowledge. It is just as important to give women the opportunity
to learn from another woman.
- Who will we survey about which workshops to have?
    - Will we do outreach or just concentrate on people who come to the
workshops or are members?
    - For now we will just have one survey on the website.

###GDI Meeting
- We should set up the meeting with GDI sooner rather than later to open the
line of communication with them. It is good to have all the female tech
community groups working together or at least in touch with one another.
- Present the workshop ideas see how that works with them
- Make sure we figure out communication if anyone feels stepped on/lines cross
- Tara will contact them and set up a meeting this week.


###Community / Mentoring
- We should have sessions to look into our community and how gender roles are
handled.
- Ann reminded us there more than just tech resources that are needed by
women in the tech field and we can use the group to help mentor and give/get
advice.
- Ann will send us information on ally training to see if that's something
that would be good for CincyWWC.

###Status of WWC
- Still waiting to hear back but we are finding more and more contacts.
- Ann mentioned it would be good to look into the other branches of WWC that
already exist. She will look into it. (She already has and put the info in
the 'class-organization' room in CincyWWC slack)
- Ceeb brought up the idea to go on a field-trip to the closest WWC meeting in
Chicago ([check here](http://www.meetup.com/Women-Who-Code-Chicago/) for future
meetups).

###CODE OF CONDUCT
- It is important that along with making sure we treat members and guests
with equal respect no matter their gender identity it is also important to
be aware of any bias or discrimination based on age, experience level and any
other aspects that may be overlooked. We will think about this in detail when
creating our COC.
- We will look at other organization's COCs like Hacker School's social rules,
which has gems like:
    - "No well-actually's"
    - "No feigning surprise"

##NEXT MEETING AUGUST 13 @ [MODULUS](https://www.google.com/maps/place/205+W+Elder+St,+Cincinnati,+OH+45202/@39.114948,-84.520128,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x8841b3f8da8d510b:0xb3c5a0b53cc3d66a)
- Next meeting will be a social event to assess skill sets of all our members
and eat/drink.
- A couple even name ideas (can you tell we were having fun?!)
   - skills & fills
   - spreadsheets & good eats
   - spreadsheets & cheese spreads

- It will be held at the Modulus office across from Findlay market.
- Bring your own drinks and eats to share.

